With so much that needs to get done in a day, every day, married couples can struggle
to work together.
This often leads to separate game plants, to truly be one flesh, a couple needs to work
together as a team, and every team needs to have a goal.
Your goal should be to have a loving relationship, not just a lasting one.
When marriage mates aren't teammates, disagreements can turn into fierce competition, to illustrate
this point.
Imagine arguments are like a couple playing tennis against each other.
Only one person can win, but if you change your mindset from thinking what do I want,
to what do we want, then you're thinking as a team, and you're able to overcome the
problem and win together.
Once you have the team mindset, how do you work together as a team practically?
Ask Jehovah God for his guidance, and to bless your efforts to work together on the
issue at hand.
As you pray, talk to Jehovah about your shared desire to have a happier marriage.
Talk to each other.
Discuss your strong points, and where you're not so strong.
And see where you can better support your partner.
We had a plan together that you can both work toward when you think what do we want instead
of what do I want, and you pray, discuss your roles, and make a plan.
You can have a happy marriage as a team.
Take a moment, pause the video, and ask each other these three questions.
Remember, share your honest feelings, and openly express how you both feel.